This was written by: Robert Csokmai, Ariana, Beatrice, Georgiana, Filip Bumbar of group 1


Once upon a time there was a dolphine that was caught by a big scary cat and sent to a dolphinarium. But it wasn t a normal one, it was 1. scary 2. beautiful 3. full of cats


(1) scary! In this dolphinarium the dolphine found syringes on the floor, red water from blood, and a very strong darkness. When he started swimming, he found lifeless bodies being massacred along the way. The dolphin quickly swam back to return but when he arrived the door was closed he tried to open it but in vain he couldn't. In the end he gave up. He started to go to find another exit, in his way appear a very large moving snake tail and 5 little snakes which stay on the tail, he try to find a place where to hide, but in the left side he saw the megalodon shark with 8 giant teeth and in the back he saw an orca with a lion head which eats 4 whales. To the right was deep darkness but with a very distant light in 7 form.

(2) The dolphinarium was vey big and full of light, with turquoise water. He approaced carefully, but the first thing 
he saw was 9. some of his old frinds from the ocean, 96. the big scarry cat handing him a letter, 69. the cat's kittens playing 

(3) When the dolphin was dropped into the water it realised that none of the surrounding hundreds of 
cats were going to hunt him (cats don't like water). Joyful as it was, the dolphin began 67. swimming peacefully 667. 
doing tricks 677. getting hungry 6767. (to realise that one of the cats wasn't really a cat) The dolphin suddenly paused, realizing the cat moved strangely and whispered its name. It wasn't a cat at all, but another trapped sea creature in disguise. Together they made a plan to escape before the real cats noticed the truth.

(5) He tried to run from the hidious creatures but it was too late! tey were faster and snitched hit tail. It was too late. He had no escape. The dolphin finally accepted his faith, he will never see his old friends again.

(9) The dolphin was surprised to see them but also happy, the envoirement was suddenly less scarry. 
They chatted for a while, and almost forgot about the situation he was initially in, until 97. one of his old best friends 
confused his name with the name of the big scarry cat. 98. a sudden loud MIAU was heard in the whole building.

(10)the dolphine screamed with all his power until he died

(11) ripping the letter with its teeth 12 diving deep into the pool

(30) everything turned into a blood pool. nothing was left other than blood.

(67) As he continued swimming, he saw up on the ceiling, a gang of evil cats planning something with a piano, the dolphin kept 
thinking that they want to drop it in his pool, so he 28. dodged 29. swam deeper 30. took out a sniper rifle to shoot them

(69). from such great cuteness, the dolphin started to remember her own little dolphins and how they were playing together right 
before she got kidnapped by the evil cat entity. She misses her kids deeply, so 70. the doplhin goes to talk to the kittens 71. the dolphin gets really upset 

(72) the dolphin starts calling out for the great evil cat-entity.

(96). but the cat didn t realized that the dolphine couldn t open the letter because it had no hands so the dolphin started 10. screaming for help 

(667)but the smart dolphine that he was he started doing tricks to trick the cats to leave him alone

